1. Show a list of Currency Wallets (Icon, Symbol, balance). 
   As you can see there is a lot of code reuse, try to improve it 
   Cryptocoin and Metal are considered as Asset, Fiat and Asset are considered as Currency. 
   Each Currency has a Wallet, and you can have multiple Wallets per Currency.

  a. for Metals show the name in the list eg.: "Gold" 
  b. do not show deleted wallets
  c. Data should only be retrieved from the Repository

2. Sort the list by type : fiat, cryptocoins, metals and the balance of the wallet
3. Add a functionality to filter Currencies by type (a simple button which rotates the type is enough)
4. If you click on an entry open a simple DetailView where you show the price of the coin
   a. use precision to format the price with correct amount of decimal places
   b. Prices are euro prices

5. Test your implementation with Unit Tests


GENERAL

* You are free to refactor and improve the given structure. let us know what and why
* Use an architecture pattern of your choice

NICE TO HAVE 
* You are free to implement also a nice UI 


## Answers
  2a) 30 Day Fitness Challenge - Workout at Home by Leap Fitness GroupHealth and MEGA by Mega Ltd.
  What I like about these apps is it very user friendly which maybe one of the reasons for
  users retention. They provide easy to use features by not overloading the users with tons
  of complex features and have simple but captivating design. The simplicity and cool features
  definitely make them worth it.

  2b) For this task, I will first have a discussion with Product owner where I will try to
  understand all the requirements. I would reiterate the task and its requirements to I have
  understood everything correctly. Then I will give a brief overview of the confirm if way I am
  thinking of solving this with performance in mind from android perspective and then later I will
  dig deep to research and find out all the possible ways of implementation and also decide on the
  criteria. After this I will weigh in the pros and cons of each method of implementation
  according to the criteria I defined earlier and select my best option. Then I will present
  all my findings to them and lastly inform them about my choice and its justification. Then we will
  discuss and choose the best fitting method. I will also follow the recommended solution of
  using Material Design guidelines for the app to operate consistently. I will have a brief
  discussion plan and design everything before I start. After implementing the first draft, I will
  demonstrate it and after approval I will go on to final finishes.

  2c) Following are some of the projects that I work on during my spare time including some that
  I collaborate and with a friend and post it in our blog- https://infix.studio/
    - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=infix.studios.wallpapers
    - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=studios.infix.notesapp
    - https://github.com/aishwarya-kamal/Fave_Android


